you're direct i don't have any reason to hide what i want	You're direct. I don't need to hide what I want. 	You get right to the point.- I have no reason to hide what I want.	you're very direct i dont have to hide what i want	youre direct. i don't have shame for saying what i want	you are direct I don't have to hide what i want	You are straightforward I do not have to hide what I want.	you're straightforward i don't need to hide what i want	You're direct. I dont have to hide what I want. 	You are direct I do not have to hide what I want.	you're direct no because i don't have to hide what I want	you are direct it's just that i don't hide what i really want	you're direct i have no reason to hide what i want
And to get it, I have to be very direct .Okay. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .Right. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It is okay. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .Very good. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct. That's fine. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's okay. I think we can come up with an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be direct. Very well. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. It's fine. I believe we can come to a final agreement. 	And to get it, I need to be direct. Thats fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's good. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be direct. Its fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, it is necessary to say it directly. Thats fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. Its okay. I think we can come to an agreement. 	and if i want to get what i want then i need to say something directly. okay. i think we could come up with an agreement	And to get it, I have to be very direct .That is good. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be direct. Thats fine. I think that we can reach an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be very direct .Alright. Let's come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be direct. it's ok. i think we can arrive at an agreement	And to get it, I need to be direct. Its ok. I think we can be in an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. It's fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be very direct .I'm good. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to achieve that I need to be straightforward. Okay. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be direct. Very good. I think that we can reach an agreement. 	And to get it, I need to be direct. Thats great. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. Thats fine. I think that we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. Its okay. I think that we can reach an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. Thats fine. I think we can arrive at an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's okay. I think we can arrive at an agreement.	And to get it, I need to be direct. Its fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get what i want i have to be direct. alright. i think we can come to an agreement	And to get it, I have to be direct. This is good. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be very direct .All right. I think we need to come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .Very well. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's okay. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .That's fine. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .All right. We need to come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .That's great! I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be direct. Thats fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. Thats fine. I think we can reach an agreement. 	And to get it, it is necessary to be direct. Thats fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be very direct .All right. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's good, I agree. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .Sounds good. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's fine. I think we can arrive at an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be direct. Thats fine. I think we could arrive to an agreement.  	And to get it, I have to be very direct .All right. I think that we can reach an agreement.	And to get what i want, it's important to be direct. okay. I think we could come to an agreement	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's alright. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, it is important that I be direct. Thats fine. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be direct. It's alright. I think we can come to an agreement. 	And to achieve that, I need to be straightforward .Okay. I think we can reach an agreement.	And to get it, I need to be direct. Sounds good. I believe that we can reach an agreement. 	And to get it, I have to be very direct .All right. I think we can decide on an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's fine. I think we can come to an agreement.	And to get it, I have to be very direct .It's okay. I think we can reach an agreement.
in fact, there is a man with the characteristics that you described. his name is gilberto and they call him crab	In fact, there is a man who fits that characteristic. His name is Gilberto, but they call him the Crab.	In fact, there is a man here with the characteristics you say. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	In fact there is a man here who has the characteristics you speak of. he is called gilberto and they call him crab	in fact there's a man with the characteristics you describe his name is gilberto and they call him the crab	gilberto has the characteristics that you say	In fact, there is a man here with the characteristics he says. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	there is a man with the characteristic you mention his name is gilberto but they call him crab 	In fact, there is a man here with the characteristics you said. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	In fact, there is a man here who fits those characteristics. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	there is a man that has the characteristics you are looking for. His name is Gillbert but they call him Crab. 	In fact, there is a man here with the characteristics you talked about. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	there is a man with these characteristics. his name is gilberto and they call him crab	there's definitely a man with the characteristics you mentioned his name is gilberto and they call him the crab	In fact, there is a man with the traits that you say. His name is Gilberto and they call him the Crab.	In fact, there is a man here with the characteristics you are looking for. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	In fact, there is a man with the characteristics. His name is Gilberto, but they call him the Crab.	hes a man with the characteristics you want his name is gilberto	in fact, there is a man with the characteristics that you talk about. his name is gilberto and they call him crab	there's a guy with the characteristics that you've described his name is gilberto and they call him crab	In fact, there is a man with the characteristics that you say. His name is Gilberto and they call him the Crab.	In fact, there is a man here who fits the charactertics whom you talk about. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	In fact, there is a man here who fits the distinguishable charactertics you talk about. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	In fact, there is a man who fits that description. His name is Gilberto, but they call him the Crab.	in fact there is a man with the characteristics that you describe his name is gilberto and they call him crab	theres a man with the traits youre describing his name is Gilberto and they call him "the crab"	In fact, there is a man here with the characteristics you described. his name is roberto and people call him "the crab"	In fact, there is a man here who fits the charactertics you talk about. His name is Gillberto but they call him Crab. 	there is a man with the characteristics that you desire his name is gilberto and they call him crab	there's a man here with those characteristics called gilbert and they call him crab	in fact there’s a man with the requirements you are looking for. his name is gilberto but they call him crab
and do you think i can meet him soon that man is always ready for anything	Do you think I can meet him soon? He's always can. 	Do you think I can meet him soon? the man is always willing	and do you think i can meet him soon that man is always available	do you think i can meet him soon this man is always available	and could i meet him soon that man is always willing	do you believe that you can meet him soon this man is always available	Do you think I can meet him soon? He's always up for it.	and you think I can meet him soon? that man is always available	Do you think I can meet him right now? He's always willing. 	and do you think we could do it soon? He's always willing. 	Can I get to know him soon? He's always available. 	and do you think that i can meet him soon that man is always up for it	Do you think I can get to know him soon? He's always willing. 	and you think i can meet him soon? he is always willing	Do you think I can meet him soon? He's always available.	do you think you could meet him soon this man is always available	and do you think I could meet him soon? this man is always willing 	and do you believe I can get to know him soon? that man is always willing	Do you think I can meet him soon? He's always willing.	Do you think I can meet him soon? He's always willing. 	and do you think i could meet him soon he’s always available	Do you think I can meet him soon? He's always ready for anything.	and do you think i could meet him soon that man is always available	Do you think I can meet him soon? He is always available 
But let me warn you. His business isnt exactly legal per say.  	But let me warn you, his business is not very legal	but i warn you about something his businesses are not very legal	But let me just warn you about something. His business isn't exactly legal.	But let me just warn you about something. His business isn't very legal.	but i'll warn you of something his businesses aren't very legal	But let me just warn you about something. His business is not really legal.	But let me warn you. His business deals arent exactly legal. 	But let me just warn you about something. His businesses are not legal.	But let me just warn you about something. His businesses aren't very legal.	But let me warn you. it appears his negotiations are very illegal	Let me warn you. his businesses are not as legal as we said	let me warn you. i don't think his businesses deals are legal	but i'm warning you his businesses aren't the most legal per say	But let me warn you. The business is not as legal as you tell us it is	But let me warn you. the businesses are not that legal.	But let me warn you. His affairs are not exactly legal. 	But let me warm you. his businesses are not very legal you could say	But let me warn you. His business isnt exactly legal. 	But let me warn you. His businesses are not really legal. 	Let me warn you , his negotiations arent exactly legal 	Let me warn you, his business negotiations arent exactly legal 	But let me just warn you about something. His business isn't the most legal.	but i have to let you know that his bushiness is not really legal	But let me warn you. His businesses arent very legal. 	But let me just warn you about something. His businesses are not very legal.	But let me just warn you about something. His business is not very legal.	But let me just warn you about something. His businesses are not that legal.	But let me warn you. His jobs are not very legal. 	But let me warn you. his business is not very legal so to speak	But let me just warn you about something. His business is not that legal.	But let me warn you. His business is not legal.  	But let me just warn you about something. His business is not persay legal.	Let me warn you. his businesses are not that legal per say	but i have a warning his business practices aren't exactly legal	But let me just warn you about something. His business practices aren't exactly legal.	but let me warn you his business isn't very legal let's say	But let me warn you. His business negotiations arent exactly legal. 	But let me just warn you about something. His business is not legal.	But let me warn you. His businesses are not legal. 	but let me warn you about something his businesses are not persay legal
and what negotiations in this country are legal? those are the least that interest me!	who practices business legally in this country thats what i'm least concerned about	who does legal negotiations in this country is what least interests me	and what are the legal negotiations in this country that is what least interests me	Who does any legal business in this country? This is not what I'm interested in.	what business is illegal in this country? Thats what I least care about 	and who does legal business in this country that is what i'm least interested in	who does legal business in this country is what least interests me 	who does legal business in this county interests me the least 	who does legal business in this country that is what interests me the least	And who does legal business is there here? Thats the last thing I care about. 	You are direct I do not have to hide what I want.	and who even does legal businesses in this country that's the least of interests	and who does legal business in this country that is what least matters to me	And who does legal business negotiations in this country? Thats the last thing I care about. 	Who does any legal business practices in this country? I couldn't care less about that.	the legality of business in this country does not interest me	And who does legal business in this country? Those im not interested in. 	And who does legal business in this country? Thats does not interest me. 	Who does any legal business in this country? That does not interest me.	And who does legal business in your country? Thats the last thing I care about. 	who does legal business in this country i don't care about that 	and who does legal negotiations in this country this is what least interests me	Who does any legal business in this country? This doesn't interest me.	who engages in legal business in this country? that aspect interests me the least 	Who does any legal business in this country? I have no interest in that at all.	And who does legal negotiations in this country? Thats the last thing I'm interested in. 	and who is going to make legal business in this country this doesn't interest me	And who does legal negotiation in the country? Thats the last thing I care about. 	and who does legal business in this country? this does not interest me	who does legal negotiations in this country this is not what i am interested in	And who does legal business in this country? Thats the last thing I am interested in.  	legal deals in this country this is what least interests me	and who does legal business in this country i have no interest in that at all	And who does legal business in this country? Thats the last thing I'm interested in. 	Who engages in legal business in this country? I couldn't care less about that.	who does the legal business in this country this what least interests me	And who does legal business in this country? This is the least interesting thing to me.  	and who does legal business practices in this country? thats the last thing I care about	Who does any legal business in this country? This is what interests me the least.	Who does any legal business in this country? It is not interesting to me.	And who does legal business in this country? Thats the last thing that interests me  	and who does legal jobs in this country that's what least interests me	Who does any legal business in this country? This is what least matters to me.	who does legal businesses in this country these things don't really interest me	And who does legal business deals in this country? Thats the last thing I care about. 	And who does legal business in this country? That is not my interest 	And who does legal business in this country? I am not interested in the legality 	who does the legal negotiations in this country? they do not interest me	And who does legal business in this country? Thats the last thing I care about. 	and who does legal business in this country that's what i least care about	and who has legal businesses in this country thats the last thing i care about	Who does any legal business in this country? That is what interests me the least.	and who actually does legal business in this country that's what interests me the least	and who does legal business in this country that's what interests me the least	Who does any legal business in this country? I couldn't care less about that.	and who does legal business in this country that's what least interests me	And who engages in legal affairs in this country? Thats the last thing I care about. 	there are no legal things in this country this doesn't interest me
leaving here all i'm gonna do is find myself another current	i get out of here and i do nothing else but face the current	i leave here and all i do is encounter the opposition	every time i'm out of here i have to face something	Out there, all I do is struggle to face the current.	I leave here and all I do is confront the current 	I leave here and all I do is confront going against the current 	Out there, all I do is struggle to fight the current.	Out there, all I do is struggle to go against the current.	when i leave here i can't avoid confronting the current 	I leave here and all I do is struggle against the current 	I leave here and all I do is run against the stream	i get out of here and i only fight the current	I am leaving from here and all I do is struggle against the current 	I leave here to confront the struggles of going against the stream 	i leave here and i don't do anything other than go against the current	i leave here and i don't do anything other than confront the current	I leave from here and all I do is confront the current 	Out there, all I do is struggle to swim against the current.	Out there, all I do is struggle to swim against the tide.
And when I get here, at my own house, I have to confront the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to face the enemy. I also find resistance here!	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to confront the enemy. I also deal with resistance here.	in my own house you do this in my own house there is resistance	And when I'm here, in my own house, I have to confront the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when i get home to my own house, I also have to confront the enemy. In my own house i find resistance also	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to face the enemy. I also am faced with resistance here.	and when i come here to my own house, i also have to confront the enemy. i come here and also encounter resistance	and when i come here to my own house i also have to confront the enemy i come here and also encounter resistance	And when I get here, in my own house, I have to confront the enemy.  Even here there is resistance!	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. I also have to deal with resistance here.	and i return here to my own house and I have to confront the enemy. I am faced with resistance here too	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. Also here I face resistance. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to confront the enemy. I also encounter resistance here.	And when I come home to my own house, I have to face another enemy. -I have to deal with resistance here, too.	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. i also found resistance here	And when i get here, to my own house, I also see an enemy. Even here i find resistance	and when i get here, to my own house,  i also have to confront the enemy. i find resistance here too	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. I also find resistance here.	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to see the enemy. I also find resistance here.	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront my enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. also here i find resistence.	And when I come here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to face the enemy. I also found resistance here.	and here when i enter my house i also feel confronted by the enemy here also i feel the resistance	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to encounter the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when i get here, to my own house, i still find the enemy here. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to face the enemy. I also find resistance here.	and when I come here to my house, I have to confront the enemy. also here i encounter resistance	And when I come home, I have to confront the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to confront the enemy. I also find resistance here.	And when I arrive here, to my own home, I have to confront the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to confront the enemy. I also find resistance here  	And when I get here, to my house, I also have to confront my enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	and when i get here to my own home i still have to confront my enemy even here i find myself up against resistance	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to face the enemy. I also encounter resistance here.	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to face the enemy. I also meet resistance here.	And when i get here to my own house, i have to confront the enemy. Even here i find resistance	And when I get here, to my own house, I have to face the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	And when I get here, to my own house, I also have to confront the enemy. I have to deal with resistance here, too. 	and here when i enter my house, i also feel confronted by the enemy. here also i feel the resistance
Don't tell me that don't accuse me of taking a different position and i'm not your enemy	don't tell me this. don't accuse me of taking another position. I am not your enemy 	Don't tell me that. Don't accuse me for taking another side. I'm not your enemy. 	don't tell me this don't accuse me don't act like i'm not you're friend	Don't blame me for taking a position. I'm not your enemy.	Don't tell me that. Don't accuse me of taking another side. I am not an enemy. 	Don't tell me that! Don't accuse me for taking another side. I am not your enemy. 	don't tell me this dont acuse me of this action im not your enemy 	Don't tell me that. Don't blame me for taking another side. I am not your enemy. 	Don't tell me that. Don't accuse me of taking another side. I'm not your enemy. 	no don't tell me that don't accuse me for having some dignity and i'm not your enemy	dont say that to me. dont accuse me for taking another position. i am not your enemy.	don't tell me that. dont accuse me for taking another position. i am not your enemy	Don't blame me for taking a stand. I'm not your enemy.	Don't tell me this. Don't blame me for taking another side. I'm not your enemy. 	Don't tell me that. Don't blame me for taking another side. I'm not your enemy. 	dont accuse me for havig a different perspective i'm not your enemy	Don't accuse me for taking a position. I'm not your enemy.	don’t say that to me. don’t accuse me for taking another position. i am not your enemy. 	Don't tell me that. Don't accuse me of this. I'm not your enemy. 	Don't say that to me. Don't blame me for taking another side. I'm not your enemy. 	dont tell me that. do not accuse me for adopting a different position; and i am not your enemy	don't tell me that. don't acuse me for taking another stance. I am not your enemy 	Don't tell me this. Don't accuse me for taking another side. I'm not your enemy. 	Don't say that. Don't accuse me for taking another stance. I am not your enemy. 	don't tell me this and i am not your enemy	Don't accuse me for taking a stand. I'm not your enemy.	Don't accuse me for taking a perspective. I'm not your enemy.	don't tell me that. don't accuse me taking another position. and i'm not your enemy	Don't accuse me for taking a stance. I'm not your enemy.	don't say that to me. don't accuse me for taking another position. i am not your enemy
 the only thing i'm trying to do is follow through with the promise that we both made	the only thing that i'm trying to do is keep the promise that we both made	the only thing i am trying to do is keep the promise that we both made!	the only thing we are trying to do here is to keep what the both of us promised 	the only thing I want to do is complete the promises we made 	the only thing i'm trying to do is maintain the promise we both made	the only thing i am trying to keep is the promise that we both did	All I try to do is to keep the promise we both made. 	the only thing I'm doing is complying with the promise that we both made	I am trying to follow the promise we made between the both of us	 the only thing that i am doing is trying to follow through with the promise	I'm just trying to stand by the promise that we both made!	I'm just trying to follow through with the promise that we both made!	the only thing I am trying to do here is to keep the promisewe both  made 	I'm just trying to maintain the promise that we both made!	the only thing i'm trying to do is fulfill the promise we both made	All I try to do is to keep the promise we both did. 	only thing im trying to do is continue on our promises	the only thing I'm trying to do is to fulfill the promise that we both agreed on	All I try to do is to keep up with the promises we both made. 	 the only thing i am trying to do is keep my promise	I'm just trying to keep the promise that we both made!	All I try to do is to keep the promise the two of us made. 	the only thing i am trying to accomplish is the agreement we both decided on	All I try to do is to complete the promise the two of us made. 	I'm just trying to fulfill the promise that we both made!	One thing Im trying to do is keep the promise the two of us made. 	All I try to do is to oblige the promises we both made.	Only thing I'm trying to do is stand by the promise which we both said
We promised peace. We offered a plan, Diego. Please I beg you. Work together with me. Do not work against me.	we promised peace. we offered a plan, Diego. please, im begging you. please work with me, not against me. 	we promise peace. we offered a plan, Diego. Please, Im begging you. Work with me. Don't work against me	We promised peace. We offered them a plan, Diego. Please, I'm begging you. Work with me. -Don't work against me	We promised peace. We promised a plan, Diego. Please, I beg you; Work with me. Do not work against me. 	We promised peace. We promised a plan, Diego. Please, I'm begging you. Work with me. Do not work against me. 	we promised peace. we promised a plan, Diego. please, im begging you. work with me. dont work against me	We promised peace. We offered a plan, Diego. Please, I'm begging you. Work with me, not against me. 	the promise that we both did we offered peace please i beg you work with me	we promised peace we offered a plan please diego work with me 	we promised peace. we promised a plan. please work with me, don't work against me.	We promised peace. We offered a plan, Diego. Please, I'm begging you. Work with me. Do not work against me. 	we promised peace we promised a plan diego work with me not against me 	we promised we made a plan diego work with me	we promise peace. we offer a plan, diego. please, i’m begging you. work with me. not against me.	we promised peace we promised a plan please work with me dont work against me	We promised peace. We offered a plan, Diego. Please I beg you. Work with me. Do not work against me.	we promise peace and we offered a plan work with me im begging you diego 	we promised peace we promised diego please work with me don't work against me	We promised peace. We offered a plan, Diego. Please, I'm begging you. Come work with me. Do not work against me. 	we offered peace we offered a plan diego work with me	we promised peace. we offered a plan, diego. please, i beg you. work with me. not against me 
How? From a ghost leadership like the first lady? I have the doors closed. 	How? In the shadows? As the first lady? Doors are closed for me!	How? From a ghost leadership, like the first lady? I have the doors closed!
starting today many of the companys telephone connections will be centralized here. pay attention	From now on,many of the company's services as well as the city's phone connections will be centralized in this building. So I ask you to pay attention.	From today, many of the company's services and telephone connections have been centralized here, so I would ask them to pay close attention.	from today a bunch of telephone lines and services are centralized in this building so i'd ask you to pay attention	Starting today, most of the companies services and telephone connections will be centralized here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.	from now on many of the city's phone services and telephone connections are operated from this building so please pay attention	As of today,many of the company's services as well as the city's phone connections will be centralized in this building. So I ask you to pay attention.	Starting today, most of the company's services and telephone connections will be centralized here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.	from today on a lot of the services offered by the company as well as the phone services around the city have been centered around here so i ask you to pay attention	Starting today, most of this telephone company's services and telephone connections will be centralized here. so i ask that you pay attention	Since today, much of the company's services and telephone connections will be positioned here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.	from today many of the services of the company will be centralized here i ask that you pay attention	Starting today, most of this telephone company's services and telephone connections will be centralized here. so i suggest that you pay attention	Starting today, most of this phone company's services and telephone connections will be centralized here. so i suggest that you pay attention	Since today, most of the company's services and telephone connections will be centralized here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.	starting today many of the operations of the company as well as the phone communications go though this building so pay attention	Starting today, most of the companies services and telephone connections will be centralized here. So we ask that you pay attention.	From today,many of the company's services as well as the city's phone connections will be centralized in this building. So I ask you to pay attention.	Starting today, we have many of the company's services and telephone connections being centralized here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.	Since today, a lot of the company's services and telephone connections will be positioned here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.	from this day on a lot of the services including telephone services have been centralized hre. i suggest you pay attention	Since today, a lot of the company's services and telephone connections will be positioned here. therefore it is important to pay attention	Starting today,many of the company's services as well as the city's phone connections will be centralized in this building. So I ask you to pay attention.	starting today many of the telephone wiring and services has been centralized in this building, so i ask for your attention 	Starting today, a lot of the offices services and telephone connections will be centralized here. so i suggest that you pay attention	Starting today, a variety of the company's services and telephone connections will be centralized here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.	as of today all of the telephone communications of the entire company are housed in this building so i will ask you all to pay attention	Since today, a lot of the company's services and telephone connections will be centralized here. So I am please asking you to pay attention.
Candidates for the telephonists get in line on the left and tell me your names 	the candidate for the call center do a line to the left and start telling me your names	the candidates for telephone operators get in line go to the left and begin to give me your names	the candidates for telephone operators get in line on the left and tell me your names 	Candidates for telephone operators get in line on the left and give me your names 	the candidates for the position please come here to the left in order in a line and say your names 	Candidates for switchboard operators, line up on the left and state your names.	the candidates for the telephone posts please line up  to the left and tell me your names	the candidates for the phone operators line up on the left and start telling me your names	the applicants for the position of telephonists get in line here to the left and tell me your names	Candidates for telephone operators get in line on the left and tell me your names 	Candidates for telephonists line up on the left in a line and identify your names 	the candidates for answering these phones line up on the left and say your names 	Candidates for phone operators line up on the left in a line and state your names 	the interviewees for the phone company job go to the left say your names	the candidates of the phone spot please make a line to the left and tell me your names	Candidates for the telephoners should line up on the left and tell me your names 	the candidates for the position of telephone workers stand to the left and begin telling me your names	the candidates for telephone operators line up to the left in a line and state your names 	Candidates for switchboard operators, line up on the left and tell me your names.	The candidates for the posts to telephone operators, to the left, in a row, and they go telling me their names.	Candidates for switchboard operators, line up on the left and give your names.	Candidates for switchboard operators, go to the left and state your names.	Candidates for switchboard operators, line up on the left and identify your names.	the candidates for telephone operators make a line on the left and begin to give me your names	the candidates for the phone operators stand to the left in a line and say your names	candidates for telephonists please make a line to the left and tell them your names	Candidates for call receivers line up on the left in a line and state your names 	the candidates for the telephonists interview come to the left give me your names	candidates for telephone operators file in a line to the left and give me your names	the candidates for telephone operator should go in a line on the left and tell me their names	Candidates for switchboard operators, line up on the left and give me your names.	the candidates for telephonists should go line up to the left and say their names	the candidates for telephone operators go to the left and state your names	the candidates for telephone operators stand in line to the left and tell me your names 	Candidates for telephonists line up on the left in a line and state your names 	Candidates for telephone operators standing to the left in a line and tell me your names  	Candidates for telephone operators make a line to the left and say your names	Candidates for telephone operators line up on the left in a line and state your names 	the candidates for being a telephone operator get in a line go to the left and give your names	Candidates for telephone operators go stand to the left and tell me your names 	Candidates for the telephoners get in line on the left and tell me your names 	Candidates for switchboard operators, come to the left and state your names.
hello telephone company how can I  help you im here for the interview  put your name here my name is lydia 	welcome to the telephone company is there anything i can help you with name on a list what's the name lydia lydia yes	welcome to the telephone company can i help you? yes im here for the tests. what is your name? lidia	welcome to the telephone company can I help you I am here receptionist spot if you tell me your name i can search you in our records lydia	welcome to the telephone company can i help you with something yes i have come to the telefonist tests alright what is your name lidia lidia	Welcome to the Telephone Company. Can I help you? -Yes, I'm here for the tests-- For switchboard operator. What's your name? I'll check the list. -Lidia.-Lidia? -Lidia Aguilar.-Aguilar.	welcome to the telphone company how can i help you im here for the interview can i have your name lidia 	welcome to the telephone company can i help you im here for the interview what would your account be under lydia	welcome to the phone company can i help you im here for the interview what is your name lydia	welcome to the telephone company can i help you yes im here for the interview give me your name and i will look you up in the directory	Welcome to the Telephone Company. Can I help you? -Yes, I'm here for the tests-- For switchboard operator. What is your name so I can find you  -Lidia.-Lidia? -Lidia Aguilar.-Aguilar.	Welcome to the Telephone Company. Can I help you? -Yes, I'm here for the tests-- For switchboard operator. Tell me your name. I can look you up. -Lidia.-Lidia? -Lidia Aguilar.-Aguilar.	Welcome to the Telephone Company. Can I help you? -Yes, I'm here for the tests-- For switchboard operator. What is your name? I'll check the list. -Lidia.-Lidia? -Lidia Aguilar.-Aguilar.	Welcome to the Telephone Company. Can I help you? -Yes, I'm here for the tests-- For switchboard operator. Tell me your name. I'll check the list. -Lidia.-Lidia? -Lidia Aguilar.-Aguilar.	welcome to the telephone company if you can tell me your name i can find in the list	hi welcome to the telephone company can i help you with someone i am checking in what is your name lydia lydia	welcome to the center of telephones can i help you with something yes im here for the tests what is your name lydia	welcome to the telephone company how can i help hi im here to interview for the if you tell me your name i can look you up lydia	Welcome to the Telephone Company. Can I help you? -Yes, I'm here for the tests-- For switchboard operator. Tell me your name. I'll check our records. -Lidia.-Lidia? -Lidia Aguilar.-Aguilar.	welcome to the telephone company are you looking for something someone yes what is your name lidia lidia	welcome to the company of telephones how can i help you im here for the interview whats your name lydia	welcome to the telephone company can i help you the telephone is there your name lydia	welcome to the telephone company can i help you with anything tell me your name lydia	hi welcome to the call center how may i help you what's your name lidia 	Welcome to the Telephone Company. Can I help you? -Yes, I'm here for the tests-- For switchboard operator. Tell me your name. I can search you on the list. -Lidia.-Lidia? -Lidia Aguilar.-Aguilar.	welcome to the telephone company tell me your name lydia lydia	hello this is the telephone company i'm asking for the telephone operator position tell me your name lydia lydia lydia	welcome to the telephone company you're here for the telephone position tell me your name lydia	welcome to the telephone company how can i help you i'm here for the telephone operator interviews if you give me your name i can search you on the list lydia	welcome to telephone company can I help you I'm here for the interview i need your name to help you lydia
I'm sorry, you're not on the list of the pre-selected candidates. -Short list?	I'm sorry, but I cant find you on the preselected list of names. Preselected?	i'm sorry i can't seem to find you in the pre-selected applicants preselected?	i'm sorry but i cannot find you among the preselected	I'm sorry, but I did not find it the preselected list. Preselected?	I'm sorry, but I cannot find you on the preselected list. Preselected?	I'm sorry, but I cant find you on the preselected list. Preselected?	I'm sorry, but I didnt find the name on the preselected list. Preselected?	im sorry youre not on the list of the preselected candidates pre-selected	I'm sorry, you're not on the pre selected. -Pre selected?	well i am sorry but you are not in the pre-selected lists of candidates pre-selected	well right now we don't find you on the preselected list. preselected?	I'm sorry, you're not on the short list. -Short list?	so it's really not among the preselected preselected	you are not on the list of the pre-selected candidates	I'm sorry, you're not on the preselected applicants. -Short list?	well i'm sorry but you are not among the pre-selected pre-selected
i thought that by coming here... you were not the only one it was tough but we needed to make a preselected list 	I thought we just came---You're not the only one. They had so many applications, so they made a short list.	I thought by showing up today... Youre not the only one that isnt on the list. There was a flood of applications and a preselected list needed to be made. 	i thought by showing up today.... since there was a large response to our posting there has been a pre-selection	I thought we just came---You're not the only one. They were inundated with applications, so they made a short list.	but i thought i would be there you are not the only one; there has been a lot of applications to do a previous pre-selection	well you are not the only one we have had a large submition in applications so we had to select a few prior	i thought i only had to come here well it's that we had a large attendance and we had to do a pre-selection process	I thought by showing up today... You weren't the only one. There was a grand selection of applications and a preselected list needed to be made. 	but i thought we had to show up today... You weren't the only one. There was a flood of applications and a preselected list needed to be made. 	i thought that just by coming here youre not the only one but we've had so many applicants we had to run a pre-selection	since there was a large response to our posting there has been a pre-selection	I thought by showing up today... You weren't the only one. There was a flood of applications and a preselected list needed to be made. 	but I thought that by showing up today... You weren't the only one. There was a great amount of applications and a preselected list needed to be made. 
I'm very sorry, Lidia. - Thanks for coming. - Wow ... - Your name is? - Lidia Aguilar.	I'm so sorry, Lidia. - Thanks for coming. - Wow ... - Your name is? - Lidia Aguilar.	I'm sorry, Lidia. Thanks for coming.-Oh, well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar.	i'm so sorry, lydia. Thank you for coming. Your name is? lydia guilar	im sorry, lidia. Thanks for coming. Your name is? lydia aguilar 	i'm really sorry, lydia. thanks for coming. your name is? lydia aguilar	i am so sorry lydia thank you for coming your name is lydia aguilar	i'm sorry lydia. Thanks for coming. your name is? Lidia Aguilar 	I'm sorry, Lidia. Thank you for coming. Well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	I am very sorry, Lidia. Thanks for coming. Well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	I'm really sorry, Lidia. - Thanks for coming. - Wow ... - Your name is? - Lidia Aguilar.	i'm really sorry, lydia. thank you for coming. and your name is? lydia aguilar	I am very sorry for you, Lidia. Thanks for coming. Well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	i'm really sorry, lidia.  thanks for coming. your name is? lydia alguilar	i'm so sorry, lidia. it's okay. what's your name? lydia aguilar	I'm really sorry, Lidia. Thanks for coming. Well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	i'm so sorry for this, Lidia. Thank you for coming. your name is? lidia aguiar	I am sorry, Lidia. Thanks for coming. Well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	I'm so sorry, Lidia. Thanks for coming. Well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	I'm sorry, Lidia. Thanks for coming. Well. Your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	i'm very sorry, lydia. thank you so much for coming. well. your name is? lydia aguilar	I am so sorry, Lidia. Thanks for coming. Well. And your name is? Lidia Aguilar. 	i'm very sorry, lydia. thank you for coming. your name is? lydia aguilar	i am very sorry, lidia. thank you for coming. your name is? lydia	i'm very sorry, lidia. Thanks for coming. well. your name is? Lidia Aguilar 	sorry to hear about that, Lidia. Thanks for coming. what is your name? lidia aguilar 	i am very sorry, lidia. thank you for coming. your name is? lidia aguilar	I am very sorry, Lidia. - Thanks for coming. - Wow ... - Your name is? - Lidia Aguilar.	im very sorry, lidia. thank you for coming. your name is? lidia aguilar	i am so sorry lidia ok thank you for coming your name is lidia aguilar